release note version 12.3.3 (#1389)
mia-platform/documentation: versioned_docs/version-12.x.x/release-notes/v12.3.3.md

---
id: v12.3.3
title: Version 12.3.3 Release Notes
sidebar_label: v12.3.3
image: "img/release-note-link-preview.png"
---

_May 10th, 2024_

> ## Fast Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Console
```

### Bug Fix

This version addressed the following bug:  

> * When a project is created using the `Empty` template and the git provider is either `azure` or `bitbucket` the user is not able to commit changes to the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When a project was created using the `Empty` template and the Git Provider  set to `azure` or `bitbucket`, the user was not able to save configuration from Console to the repository.
```

> * When using custom [cast functions](/fast_data/configuration/projection_storer.md#cast-functions-and-additional-cast-functions) in your Fast Data Project, the configuration for the Projection Storer now contains all the custom cast functions instead of just the ones from the first projection associated to the service.

Reviewer: bruh
